# Dominoes-Game
The Dominoes Game Solver is a Prolog program that solves the Dominoes game puzzle using two different search techniques: uninformed search (BFS) and informed search (greedy best-first). The program aims to find a valid placement of dominoes on a rectangular board while satisfying specific conditions and maximum number of dominoes that can be placed. Additionally, a graphical user interface (GUI) has been created using Python.

Uninformed Search
The uninformed search technique uses a breadth-first search algorithm to explore all possible domino placements on the puzzle board until a valid solution is found or all possibilities have been exhausted.

Informed Search
The informed search technique utilizes a greedy best-first search algorithm to find the maximum number of dominoes that can be placed on the puzzle board. It evaluates the possible moves based on a heuristic function.

GUI
Created using python to provide a more user-friendly experience, a graphical user interface (GUI) has been implemented using Python. The GUI allows users to interactively input the size of the board and view the solutions generated by the Prolog program.

Game Rules
1) The game board is represented as an M x N rectangular grid.
2) Domino pieces are 2 x 1 cells each.
3) There are two bomb cells (marked as 'X') on the board, each occupying a 1 x 1 square.
4) The objective is to place the dominoes on the board, covering two squares per domino, without overlapping or extending outside the board.
5) Dominoes can be rotated.
